Hey everyone.

Thanks for downloading this the Dinosaur Planet soundtrack.

This all took about a week to put together. Here's what I did:

1.) I found music sequence headers in AUDIO.bin, a file that only exists in a Star Fox Adventures prototype
2.) Using N64 Sound Tool and MIDI Tool, I was able to extract all the data necessary to recreate the music.
3.) The sequence data was converted to MIDI, while the samples from MUSIC.bin were used to create a soundfont. The 
    MIDI sequences with patch changes were split with a program so that each instrument has it's own channel.
4.) I used FL Studio 11 to quicky add the patches, add some reverb, and fix some volume issues. Very little work here.
5.) When the songs were done, they were rendered in WAV files. The WAV files were then tagged by the order in which they appear
    in the AUDIO.bin file. The first 8 digits are dedicated to the music number, while the latter 8 digits is the address which the
    sequence data is located in the file.
6.) There are some gaps, if you look at the music number. There were a lot of sequences that have no sequence data in them. The
    spots were probably specified in advance for each song so that they could be filled in at a later date.

The sound quality is very good. There are some inaccuracies here and there, but they aren't too noticable. The sound quality is surprising, since all the samples were
no more than 22khz. It would've sounded a little bit worse coming off of the console, but with accuracy as a price. You'll also notice that there are zero references to Star
Fox Adventures anywhere in the rip. A lot of music that would otherwise be in Star Fox Adventures is not anywhere here. There are a few a songs that are 1:1 with Star Fox
though.  

Also, if you'd like to listen to the music by stream, please visit this soundcloud:
http://soundcloud.com/dinosaur-planet-ost-rip

I'd recommend commenting, since track names would be great. I didn't want to provide any, even for the ones that are more obvious for consistancy.

Also as i've mentioned before, I had to create a soundfont to get the project done. It turned out to work very well, but I can't help but feel that some patches
aren't set up correctly (I'm an amature, so I apologize). Interestingly enough, there are a few music samples that are never used as far as I know. If you'd like to download
the soundfont, check this link:
http://www.mediafire.com/download/gwi9sb5hb1cgx5a/dino_planet_music.sf2

Please note that the soundfont is not GM standard or whatever. The patch numbers reflect the original instrument numbers from MUSIC.bin so that they could be easily
compatable with the ripped MIDIs.

That's pretty much it. I'd like to thank:

SubDrag - for N64 MIDI Tool and N64 Sound Tool (goldeneyevault)
ValleyBell - for his MIDI splitter program
TCRF (tcrf.net)
David Wise for this kick ass soundtrack
Rare
RareWareCentral
RWP
http://fyeahdinosaurplanet.tumblr.com/ (thanks for keeping interest alive)

If I forgot anyone, sorry about that.

If you want to check out more cool Dinosaur Planet/Star Fox Adventure finds - head to this topic:
http://jul.rustedlogic.net/thread.php?id=16384

~koolaidman/ehw
